Install and Configure Visual Studio Code

1. Why is it important to install the .NET SDK alongside Visual Studio Code for C# development? 
It allows you to write code in Java.
It provides the necessary tools to build and run C# applications.
Correct
It provides additional themes for Visual Studio Code.

2. Which area of Visual Studio Code displays contextual information based on the selected activity, such as file explorer or extensions? 
Side Bar
Correct
Main Menu
Status Bar

3. Where in Visual Studio Code would you go to manage extensions for C# development? 
Activity Bar - Extensions
Correct
Side Bar - EXPLORER
Status Bar

4. When configuring Visual Studio Code for C# development, which extension is essential for enabling features like syntax highlighting and debugging? 
IntelliCode for C# Dev Kit
C# Dev Kit
.NET Install Tool
Incorrect

5. Which .NET CLI command is used to create a new C# console application in a specified folder? 
dotnet build
dotnet run
dotnet new console -o ./CsharpProjects/TestProject
Correct

6. What is the purpose of the .NET runtime in C# development with Visual Studio Code? 
To execute C# applications.
Correct
To write C# code.
To provide IntelliSense features.

7. What does an error message stating 'dotnet is not recognized as an internal or external command' indicate? 
The C# extension is missing in Visual Studio Code.
The .NET SDK is not installed or not included in the system's PATH environment variable.
Correct
Visual Studio Code is not installed.

8. Why is it necessary to install the .NET runtime on your machine for C# development? 
To run C# applications
Correct
To create C# project files
To write C# code

9. Which command should be used to compile a C# application into executable binaries? 
dotnet new
dotnet run
dotnet build


Call Methods From the .NET Class Library Using C#

 What is a return value?

It's a value type returned by a method.
Correct! This is the correct definition of a return value.


An argument in a method call is referred to as a return value inside the method.

It's a string value.
2. What are method parameters?

Variables that are used inside a method.
Correct! Method parameters are variables used inside the method. The method definition specifies the names and types of any parameters that are required. When a caller invokes the method, the calling statement provides concrete values, called arguments, for each parameter.


Values returned by a method.

Variables that are passed into a method by the calling statement.
Incorrect. The values passed to a method in the calling statement are referred to as arguments.

3. What is an overloaded method?

A method that returns a value type.

A method with more than five parameters.

It is a method that supports several implementations of the method, each with a unique method signature.
Correct! This is the correct definition of an overloaded method.

4. How does IntelliSense help developers?

IntelliSense can help developers write code more quickly.
Correct! IntelliSense can catch misspelling, incorrect usage, and suggest corrections. These things speed up the coding process.


IntelliSense helps developers refactor their code.

IntelliSense can change the "theme" of an IDE.


1. What is an object?

A memory address.

A stateless class.

An instance of a class.
Correct
2. Which of the following statements is true?

The .NET Class Library always defines overloaded methods for every method.

The .NET Class Library contains definitions for data types used in C#.
Correct

The .NET Class Library includes so many classes that it actually increases development time.
3. Which of the following symbols represent the method invocation operator required to execute a method?

.

{}

()



1. Given that int x = 5, which of the following Boolean expressions is valid and evaluates to true?

x < 5.

x > 5.

x == 5.
Correct
2. Which of the choices below is not a valid operator in C#?

%%.
Correct

&&.

||.
3. The following answer choices describe if statement syntax. Which of the descriptions is correct?

The Boolean expression evaluated by an if statement is optional.

An else statement can't be placed before an else if statement.
Correct

The else statement is required when an if statement includes an else if.




Add Decision Logic to Your Code Using if, else, and else if statements in C#
Not Passed
Store and Iterate Through Sequences of Data Using Arrays and the foreach Statement in C#
Not Passed
Create Readable Code with Conventions, Whitespace, and Comments in C#
Not Passed
Guided Project - Develop foreach and if-elseif-else Structures to Process Array Data in C#
Not Passed
Challenge Project - Develop foreach and if-elseif-else Structures to Process Array Data in C#
Not Passed
Trophy - Create and Run Simple C# Console Applications

